naturally there is a great deal of  discourse on the internet  of what it takes to be a great artist  what it means to be a great artist what  it means to be a good enough artist  there are a whole lot of people  recording rap albums who want to share  their song with you and say do you think  this is good enough do you think i have  what it takes to be successful do you  think i have what it takes to be a great  artist there are a lot of people writing  books producing manuscripts producing  scripts for movies  to be made and they want to ask you do  you think this is good enough do you  think this is great do you think this is  brilliant do you think i have the talent  you think i have  do i have what it takes  there's not a lot of discussion  about what it takes to be a member of  the audience  what does it take to be a a good artist  right what does it take to be a good  member of the audience you think that's  shallow you think that's petty you think  that's ridiculous hey  what does it take to be a good talker  what does it take to be a good listener  oh  if you tune in  to listen to a transgender person talk  about their sexuality talk about their  experience  talk about their sex life you have to be  prepared  to listen  all right as a heterosexual man  it can be very challenging and very  difficult  to listen to someone else who was born  as a heterosexual man  talk about their decision to have an  operation  that surgically removes their penis and  maybe to hear them talk about  how happy they are that they had that  operation how glad that they feel it's  the right decision  it can be just as uncomfortable  to sit and listen to a video  from a transgender person who had the  same operation who talks about how  unhappy they are with it how they regret  it how it was the wrong decision and  whether you're straight or gay  trans or cis or what have you right  if you aren't sitting down  really prepared to listen to that  person's perspective and experience i  think you've got to reflect on  being a bad audience  look for people like me i think it's  important for us to reflect on  being a bad artist  being a bad broadcaster being a bad  podcaster youtube or whatever it is i  got things to reflect on i got regrets i  got mistakes in my life the very nature  of a live performance of this kind is  going to have imperfections in it right  but isn't there something even more  important about being  a good listener that comes up in this  stuff and maybe it's most obvious when  we're dealing with sexuality  because  the ego  of the listener  is involved  right  with the performance of the broadcaster  in a very explicit way  when we talk about sexuality and maybe  it's more implicit maybe it's more  indirect maybe it's more obscure  when instead we're talking about  politics when instead we're talking  about religion but it's still there and  it still matters  right  if i criticize judaism i'm ethnically  jewish so i can get away with it right  there are people in the audience  their ego is going to be involved in  that right if i criticize the catholic  church if i criticize islam right  but maybe it's most blatantly obvious  when we talk about sex and what i got to  say to you guys the vast majority of you  guys  is that when i talk about my sexuality  and my experience in life you are not  prepared to listen  i don't think i'm unique  i think when you sit down and listen to  uh amber heard talk about her sexuality  when you listen to johnny depp talk  about his sexuality when you listen to  teacho sam talk about sexuality when you  listen to  daniel aka hiding in my room talking  about sexually i think  most of the time you're sitting down  listening  and you are on a really deep level in a  kind of defensive  posture  where you're gonna leap out and  invalidate and disregard whatever it is  i have to say  because of how it makes you feel  about yourself  [Music]  i've gotten a whole lot of reactions to  my recent videos about tkyo sam  that instead of responding to what i'm  saying about him  instead of what i'm saying  to members of the audience but how you  ought to live your own lives the kind of  the moral to the story i'm joined the  conclusions i'm trying they react by  attacking  me  and saying that i must be lying  about my sexuality  about my experience life that i must be  on an ego trip  while i was lifting weights at the gym  it just occurred to me  to count  how many women  attempted to rape me  during high school  all right  i got up to five  and i would say two of those cases  would like stand up in court  the other three they were each very  unique  situations and like how i handle how  good of okay  that's my experience in life  now there are a whole lot of you guys  who are going to hear that and think oh  this guy's on a crazy ego trip this guy  thinks all women are no  no it's not a happy memory for me it's  not a boast it's not something positive  and when i went through that in high  school  i didn't even know how normal or  abnormal it was  right  did you talk to one of these situations  there was one girl i'm gonna say girl i  think she was a year older than me and  in high school one year matters okay i'm  still in high school  she played rugby  all right  and she tried to rape me with brute  force  and it went on and on i think it was  over an hour was maybe an hour and a  half it didn't go on forever right  you know  and i was saying to her like this wasn't  a short time it wasn't a momentary thing  i was saying to you to her  you've been close friends like maybe i  said best friends at the time they  weren't but you know you've been like  best friends with my my girlfriend for  how many years  like if you do this or like what you're  doing right now  like don't you think she would hate you  for the rest of your life like don't you  think this is gonna have consequences  for like your relationship with her like  i was talking this through with her  while i was physically restraining her  and i was stronger than her of course i  was she she was a pretty strong teenage  woman you know i guess she played sports  she worked out  uh she was she was also a very  attractive you know she absolutely was  she was  she actually went to a different high  school than i did but whatever she was  one of the prettiest girls in our high  school if not if not the prettiest am i  an ego troop about this no  it was incredibly disturbing to me of  course it shaped the way i viewed women  and relations between the sexes and you  know what really [ __ ] me up even more  was that when i described it to my  girlfriend of the time  she completely laughed and dismissed it  and she said  it would have been fine with her if i  had sex with this girl which disturbed  the hell out of me  she acted like it was no big deal if i  had sex with like her best friend one of  her close friends whether or not i was  her best friend like oh yeah what that  would just be nothing to her  right  i was a teenager i wasn't i mean now i'm  a sophisticated older man whatever i've  got whatever  perspective on life you know what i mean  this was something where i had  physically restrained someone who was  trying for a long period of time to have  sex with me in these weird circumstances  okay  and guess what that wasn't my only  experience like that  during high school okay so i point is i  come out the internet and talk about my  experience like my perspective on  sexuality  if you are gonna sit down and listen to  it right you you're well within your  rights to criticize me about my role as  an artist my role as an orator my role  as an author like even though this is a  live broadcast there's a sense in which  i'm spontaneously composing the story  and telling the story and revealing it  making my argument and making my point  but there's an onus on you as well  to be a good member of the audience and  it's so easy  to respond in the moment to this kind of  argument by saying this guy's a  narcissist this guy is on an ego trip  this guy's making stuff up to make  himself sound like he's hot you think so  would you say that to a woman would you  say that to a transgender person  do you think like okay literally  hypothetical not talking about myself i  do not consider myself a rape victim i  said the woman who attempted to rape me  i didn't succeed  okay one of them kind of did  that's their story  well one of them i was uh anyway oh i  honestly don't want to tell a story  still disturbing me this day all right i  mean you know anyway  look sorry it is it is saddening okay  but look the point is whether or not i  think of myself as as a rape victim  are you going to say to someone some  hypothetical person who was raped during  high school that they're deluded and  think they're attractive because they're  a victim it's nothing to do with it  there's nothing to do with it  okay now look i want to talk this  through just a little bit further so the  same example i've just alluded to there  was another girl who was more successful  in raping me however you want to put it  um each one of those five situations  very different story very different  woman  very different situation but this girl  i'm i'm talking about  i was completely sober like i wasn't  drunk or high or out of it or anything  and  she you know  my opinion is she was completely silk  i don't because again we talked like we  were talking the whole time for more  than an hour  there was no sign  from her that she was she was inebriated  and she and i talked about it years  later so i don't know maybe it was five  years later but and again we're talking  about high school versus like end of  university like in terms of  approximately right  um  so maybe it was four years later maybe  it was five years later but it was  something like that like we were both a  lot older and a lot more mature  and you know i said to her look you know  do you remember that time when this went  and you know have you ever thought about  it  and she was really shocked  and we we talked it through  and you know  she talked about with me what she had  gone through in her life leading up to  that night and what she thought thought  motivated  a relatively short time before  her first serious boyfriend so i don't  know how many men she'd had sex with i  just don't know you know um  but her first serious boyfriend like  commitment boyfriend pgi phone her first  serious boyfriend had died  he was hit by a train on the train  tracks so he was walking he wasn't  inside the train he was walking on the  train tracks and he was he was hit by  the train and i'll tell you exactly the  scenario we'll make a  road safety  exercise out of this so he was walking  down the train tracks as is very common  in the world there were two sets of  train tracks parallel and he saw and  heard a train coming  and instead of stepping off the train  tracks well you shouldn't be walking the  trailers at all you know he stepped over  and walked on the other set of train  tracks and continued walking straight  forward and he saw and heard the train  in front of him  he did not see or hear that there was  another train coming behind him  dead  but there's no cause and effect  relationship here all right like  obviously she was traumatized by that as  like wasn't her fault she didn't feel  guilty  but don't look i know a lot of other  things about that girls because again we  talked years later we got we got  together and had coffee a number of  times basically remember we had we had  vegan chinese food together actually i  remember it all you know we talked about  what had gone down between us in high  school um  and probably that's why i don't feel  that bad about it today you know  obviously for me  a traumatic experience and for her  she was sitting there really shocked by  it  she didn't have amnesia or something i  think it is fair to say it happened  and then  she just never let herself think about  it again  and i know my girlfriend at the time who  i told about it  i know she had talked to her about it so  that was at least one time she was  reminded of because my girlfriend took  her aside and said look why did you try  to have sex my boyfriend kind of thing  and i don't i don't know what came out  of that conversation but that was i just  say in terms of forgetting it that was  at least one reminder that she got  at that time now guys you know  there are very few of us  who really want to come out on the  internet and talk this way about our  lives  earnestly  right  it's on you  it's on you to really have  the detachment and compassion  to be  an audience for it and you can criticize  me you can think about this analytically  you can like look if someone wanted to  send me an email tomorrow  saying that they think this one event is  a bigger deal in my life than i realize  it is and that this had leader later  repercussions for  uh my marriage to my first wife and my  divorce you know what i mean like i'm  not saying you have to think i'm a good  guy you could say i'm a i don't give you  sorry i'm not looking for the moral high  ground here i don't care i'm not doing  this to make myself seem like a good  person or make myself seem like a bad  person i have no interest in that in a  sense if i did i wouldn't be telling  these  stories  right  um  [Music]  you know  one of the main reasons why people won't  come out and speak honestly about their  experience sexually  is precisely that they fear  being judged and basted for quote  unquote being a narcissist for being uh  you know uh  for for being on an ego trip or trying  to manipulate the audience for trying to  present themselves uh what as an alpha  male there's another one i got you know  you're just trying to look  alpha right  i remember i heard a gay guy uh talking  on um talking on youtube  about a year ago two years ago not not  ancient history and i remember he was  just saying  uh that his experience as a young gay  man i think he was about like basically  age 16 to 26 or something he said that  you know he knew a lot of gay men who  were very frustrated and resentful  because they uh had crushes on people  that went unfulfilled they had a lot of  heartbreak and disappointment but that  that wasn't his experience  his experience was he was a charismatic  youtube star kind of person and he got  all the boys he wanted he you know  people were pursuing him and everyone he  pursued  uh was interested in him and so on and  so forth that he i don't know how many  sexual partners he had but that you know  his experience of  sexuality in his younger years wasn't  one of  repression frustration and guilt  which if it is your experience come on  youtube and talk about that that's great  right but like  what we have going on in the world right  now whether you're gay or straight but  in this specific regard i think it's  actually worse to be straight i'll say  this whether you're a heterosexual woman  or heterosexual man think that you're  actually a disadvantage being straight  as opposed to being gay or transsexual  right  like the bias the frame of youtube  brings to this the bias the internet  brings to this is that you're only  welcome to talk honestly about your  sexuality if you're a loser if you're a  victim if you're self-hating if you're  shy  if you lack self-confidence if you're  you know  if you're this kind of uh  self-recriminating loser you know  and and like none of the winners are  going to talk out come out and speak  like nobody's going to come out and just  say yeah you know what my experience was  i made no effort at all and like five of  the the most attractive women in my high  school they all came at me and tried to  sleep with me and i don't this is my  experience now i have to reflect on i  don't know why and and you know maybe  that's influenced me in a bad way too  like it's maybe it's not bragging maybe  it's like okay when i look back you know  i have to think about that and even that  one example i just mentioned of a girl  that was strong arm rape she was  physically trying to force me to episode  through brute strength i i was stronger  than her but she was actually pretty  strong as mentioned um she played sports  at the time and so on and so forth and  and  also i mean she was very attractive she  probably wasn't used to men i don't know  how many men she did that to i don't  know if it was the only one or if she  went through a string okay and then you  learn her side of the story and she'd  been through this remarkably traumatic  experience of having her her boyfriend  killed by a train i cannot comment  that's unusual okay well there's a  humanity to her side of the story too  and i don't dehumanize any of the women  in my life the ones i've i've actually  slept with and the ones i didn't sleep  with or you know had some kind of weird  uh connection with they have their own  story they have their own tragedy or  they have their own triumph right that  may be known to me or may remain unknown  if i hadn't met up with that woman years  later and gotten to know her better  right how much would i really know about  what was going on on her side of things  you know that that for me unforgettable  night  right you know  yes you know when i was in high school  my experience was of being pursued  by women my own age  including  like the most attractive and the most  quote-unquote high-status  girls in the school no not all of them  how many people are in high school  anyway but yeah several of them  and i'll tell you two things right now i  was i was a kid for part of this story i  was a virgin i mean i lost my virginity  during high school right  i didn't think i was special  like for all i knew like all teenage  guys were going through this i didn't  know it was exceptional i really didn't  it's not about europe  i'm a i don't know anything nobody's  talking to me about this nobody says  this is special or extraordinary and  these women certainly talk about the  women who really came at me aggressively  one of them was an actress at the time  and she'd done runway modeling i believe  she was two years older than me  all right  one of them  went on to be a tv presenter she'd also  done modeling i don't think she was  successful  but like these are women who objectively  or socially were considered really  uh good looking another one  uh this is a different girl but she was  an athlete  and um sorry i don't want to give away  someone could go through the high school  yearbook i think she was one year older  than me and she was she was an athlete  on a on one of the sports teams uh  anyway tremendously dragon trenches  physical shape all right you know  like  what do i know about high school what do  i know about sexuality when i'm actually  a teenager what are we telling me you're  like 15 16 are we even talking about 17  i guess you know i mean i only knew my  own direct experience  and what i'd seen on movies and tv shows  right and if you grew up watching any  [ __ ]  you know  uh  mainstream hollywood movies about high  school you know what i'm saying uh  what were the movies at that time there  were all these cheerleader movies there  were all these but there were also even  like the horror movies set in with high  school you know like the you know they  all they all have actors who are like 25  playing roles that are 15 by the way  right  uh they all have these you know like  seriously the actors are like 23 playing  17. they're people who are more  physically mature they're playing the  roles in a way that's more emotionally  mature more eloquent than a real  teenager real teenagers talk like in  this you know very staccato broken  sentences they're not eloquent they're  not charismatic they don't know what  they're doing with their lives right  like in hollywood movies routinely  portray  high school students as really leading  like  mature adult lives like 30 year olds i  remember even a comedy um  was a comedy called the hot chick  starring rob schneider so moses have you  seen that one no it was a hit film  uh even anyway sorry even like some of  the tina fey high school movie no but  you know you just just stick with the  hot chick for one sec rob schneider  comedy it shows the female  lead characters  going to get cocktails at a bar in the  united states america these are high  school students not college students and  this is an america where the minimum age  is 21. human minimum age go into a bar  to go into a nightclub and they all walk  in and they're totally self-confident  and relaxed going into a bar and  ordering cocktails  and they would have been maybe 17 like  when you're in high school in the united  states of america like you can be 18 and  still be in high school but you're  talking about people 16 17 18 going to a  bar and a nightclub that is routine in  hollywood movies in terms of how high  school was depicted  in  hollywood movies  in you know uh  tv series this kind of thing you know  what i'm saying  um  sorry do you want to talk about you know  like that i don't know how that  influenced you but like  to a massive extent what is your  expectation my point is just to say i  was completely ignorant i didn't know  what was normal for a sex life in high  school and i certainly didn't get it  from my parents but in terms of tv and  movies the only source of information i  have other than my directors i don't  know what's normal or unusual yeah  i'm just going to say i haven't seen it  because it was  the generation  or maybe  two before me but uh there was a movie  famous movie called fast times  yes right right  yes sexually promiscuous high schoolers  yes  that was i think that was one of those  that created the genre but so like  already in the 1980s  uh and just interestingly one of the  most influential films at the time was  actually a pair of israeli filmmakers  there were two guys who worked together  they made a film first in israel and  then they made an american version film  but yeah in the 80s well okay but you  can even go back to the 1970s and 1960s  you know greece the musical greece you  know  but i would definitely say in the decade  of the 80s that genre was created  and then by the 90s you were dealing  with it being a hackneyed  well-established set of tropes like  everyone knew what to expect from the  sexy high school comedy sexy high school  drama but even the horror pictures and  action pictures you know there was a hit  movie remember then which was about high  school students uh  fighting against uh space aliens  you know what i'm saying but you know so  it was kind of sci-fi action movie the  horror films but still the way high  school students were depicting that you  know look again you know this is before  the internet and whatever else i only  knew people who talk to me  so like this is the life i'm leading  i don't know what the guys who are on  the football team right like i met and  talked to a couple of them for like a  couple minutes you know i don't know  what their lives are like like for all i  know they have 10 times as many  women initiating sex them but like sorry  digression from my digression but the  point is like okay yes  when i was in high school i knew what it  was like to have grown women like  whatever women 25 but when you're 17  25 is old like these are adult women  with jobs they have their own apartment  they have their own car if a 25 year old  woman tries to sleep with you when  you're 17 and again reverse the genders  right  this this has a really strange effect  you whoa okay like my experiences  already at the high school stage were  really of managing aggression  from female sexuality right  now look okay i've already kind of  indicated the dark side of this or the  sad  side of this right looks like it's in a  lot of ways it's just horrible and i  think a lot of women can relate to this  pro if you were good a good looking  woman at 17 not everyone but there are  some good looking women at 17 who know  what it's like to have older men hitting  on them guys in the high school really  aggressively pursuing whatever okay so  like that's part of my experience but i  mean like  the positive side of it was i think it  does explain why like when i got to  thailand when i got to laos when i got  to cambodia  why it was that i was  prepared i was so well prepared to deal  with having women really aggressively  hit on me women trying to have sex with  me women trying to have relationships  with me like someone said so when i  stand sometimes women might have  relationship and i was really prepared  to say no i had to think through all  those things and what does it mean to  refuse someone and how do you select  someone and what is it you're really  looking for when you're in a situation  where you're dealing with a lot of a lot  of these kinds of you know aggressive  you know proposals from from women you  know  so look um  you know  i'm really not expecting anyone to  sympathize with what i'm saying here all  right if you find this alienating if you  find this challenging to your  ego that's cool but i'm saying analyze  that  like you know there's no point in  accusing me of being a liar or me of  being uh delusional or me of being an  egomaniac on that on that basis right  this really is my experience and if i  were a transgender person talking about  my experience as a transgender person if  i were even a gay person  you'd be willing to hear it i do think  heterosexual women have the same  problems as heterosexual men on this i  really do because with heterosexual  women  everyone's so warm and welcoming and  encouraging if you come out and say  you're sad you're self-pitying you're a  loser you're a victim nothing in your  life turned out the way you wanted to  whether that's because the particular  men you got with were bad to you like  you were mistreated by your boyfriends  or husbands or that's because  you know you just never got the men  pursuit and desired so on and so on and  so forth chris asks did i miss the  commentary on ever heard no chris it's  coming up  we're getting there i got i got things  to say about johnny depper's  take a second hit thumbs up if you have  a chance guys we got uh we got uh 28.  yeah  um  you know  yeah so look and again in the title i'm  also indicating the contrasting  experience of people like people like  tequila sam so i do want to contrast  this to  the incredibly phony incredibly  manipulative role of people like tko sam  in catering to the fantasies of the  audience and in fictionalizing your  experience fictionalizing and  commodifying your experience right i  think that's something really poisonous  and damaging in the world and again  that's why i want to talk about amber  hurd and johnny depp  in this same video okay so look let's  all right so we'll just pause martin  says quote you're making a mistake  you're assuming quality to men and women  no no no  no  when you make a specific point of  comparison you are neither assuming nor  asserting  equality between the two things being  compared that's just wrong that's  linguistically wrong  it's philosophically wrong it's  logically wrong okay so if i compare and  this is a very common thing all right if  i compare the methods used to gas people  to death  in the world war ii period to execute  people with poison gas right and i  compare that to the methods used to gas  people to death in another historical  circumstance right you're not seeing  their equivalent you're not saying  they're the same you're saying hey  here's one point of comparison so you  guys may not know this it's a somewhat  famous example in history of france  one historian claimed that napoleon's  army carried out mass executions in  haiti so mass executions of black people  in haiti by use of gas canisters in an  enclosed space so this is a specific  comparison does that mean you are saying  napoleon is the same as you know  adolf hitler no are you saying they're  equivalently well no this is a very  specific claim a very specific point of  historical comparison obviously that  author he was doing it for a purpose you  know he was he was making a point he was  really asking look when you consider  who napoleon was and what he did and the  way people in france today glorify what  he's done in the history why aren't we  just as critical that's a point all  right  but i'm sorry martin  look martin i don't know how old you are  you could be 16. i have people minding  two or 16 18  you know i don't know but you could also  be 45 or 55 i don't know  right  no  i made a very specific  point of comparison okay and the point  is this  if a woman comes on youtube and speaks  in a strong self-confident way about  what it's like to be one of the winners  in the sexual olympics  what it's like to be one of the winners  in the genetic lottery and one of the  winners in the cultural lottery  okay  she's hated for it  all right whereas presenting yourself as  weak presenting yourself as a victim  presenting yourself as a self-pitying  sob story that's  that's regarded positive right and now  the other dynamic here which i'm going  to get in terms of the the transition to  talking about  all these other things uh  tko sam and uh amber heard and joined up  the other question is of  honesty  right are you being honest or are you  being dishonest there could be no doubt  that a large part of the public scorn  against  uh  amber heard is simply because of the  fact of dishonesty and we have this very  strange legal and cultural uh tradition  in the united states of america it comes  from england  falsus inun falsus in omnibus if you  tell one lie  one falsehood then everything you say  is discredited that is a legal tradition  as well as as everything else you know  so all right  [Laughter]  if you guys have anything intelligent to  say in the audience i'm happy to see it  over here and have to respond to it with  33 people 34 people now in the audience  you have a second to hit thumbs up it's  great if we have 34 thumbs up more  people could join melissa if you you  seem like you have something to say and  i'm happy to hear it if you want to  either inform or derail the conversation  this is a good moment and if anyone in  the audience wants that before the  conversation just give up i totally get  you interpreted my  parents the look on my face but i'm just  looking forward to hearing  what else you have to  say find this conversation interesting  well look i can involve you in that to  some extent  you know  when melissa first got with me so so  melissa's boyfriend before myself  right  his experience in high school didn't he  didn't go to university but his  experience as a young man in his high  school years and university years was  nothing like my experience  right now again i'm not boasting  but  when melissa and i first got together i  mean like my point is here i understand  people in the audience aren't  comfortable doing this stuff you get it  melissa also wasn't comfortable with  hearing this stuff so i got to see that  up close and personal and you know she  wrote it but whatever let's say the  first six months  of the relationship i remember she was  really rattled by just the way in which  i'd be telling anecdotes about different  periods of time my life and that could  be high school it could be university it  could be living in china i could have  lived in all these different places  could be living in thailand living in  cambodia living we're like sorry living  in canada too though living in  saskatchewan we're like in the course of  telling an anecdote that could be about  something totally different it's like oh  yeah and then there was this woman and  she tried to sleep with me and i refused  her and then this happened like it's  it's just part of the story but i  remember you were really  rattled by that and you know  we talked about it from different angles  but part of it was just like look this  is my life  like i would be lying to you if i left  that out of the story like it is part of  like it's not boasting isn't it in  itself my point is not to deceive you  that women are constantly throwing  themselves at me but like this is my  experience in life and you know again  for some people like i understand the  whole in-cell discourse and all this  stuff i've made many videos talking  about that with as much sympathy as i  can muster for the incels because i  think a lot of them are guys who have a  very unhappy life you know  i think i think some degree of pity is  appropriate frankly but you know like  it really doesn't matter to what extent  it's the genetic lottery to what extent  it's the cultural lottery and to what  i'll say what i mean by cultural art in  just a second  and to what extent it's actually a  competitive sport like the olympics like  you're actually competing with other men  and you're winning intentionally right  that's that's very different  all the time so for my experience as a  man i'm not competing with i'm not  trying to attract these women or  something and women again i'm dealing  with female sexual aggression they're  women coming at me and and pursuing me  in all these different situations and  you deal with it as different it has  different consequences right but i was  just going to say  the cultural lottery is a huge huge  factor here  so already as a teenager  you know that i was perceived as this  highly refined highly educated  sophisticated person  again like as a 16 year old being  compared to other 16 year olds guys like  this is at a really low level but of  course like you know and yes my manner  of speaking my tone of voice the way i  made eye contact but like in just what i  was talking about and there was the way  girls respond to it there's also even  the way their parents responded to it  like i can remember  meeting a girl's parents this is while i  was still in high school and her mother  was so enthusiastic about me she was  just like oh  this is the guy and i could tell the  whole story about and she actually her  mother went and got her father to come  and meet me it was like oh she brought  back a good one like they were they were  really hoping i'd be the one her their  daughter chose that girl i never slept  with her we were never involved  beautiful girl by the way but you know  and anyway i could tell the whole story  what that that scenario was okay i might  as well a little bit about it but you  know they had this amazing library this  family i'd actually  probably never in my life i've been to a  personal home that had a library like  that so i showed up at her at her house  and this girl very good looking girl  going through a rebellious phase which  i'm sure her parents were  sick of  um  i don't want to tell too many details  because you can figure out who this is  but she's a very good looking girl and  in terms of her style of dress and  clothes she was dressing in a very  rebellious way which by the way didn't  injure him i didn't hate her for some  but it wasn't attracted to me or  interested in me but i'm certain her  parents were hoping she became more of a  button-down suit and tie kind of person  and nobody apparently like her mother  told me this and i believe her nobody  else had ever paid any attention to the  library the collection of books  as soon as i walk into their living room  so to speak  i i'm amazed by this bookshelf and i  start going through the show and i take  off  several books and i'm discussing them  with the other teenagers that are there  and then i sit down and i start doing a  live reading  so i forget now what the play was  probably was chekhov it's probably one  of the plays by anthony jacob could have  been ibsen or something but some high  literary figure in the in the history of  theater but i've taken several books off  the shelf i've discussed them and then  i'm i'm standing there and doing a live  reading and putting on multiple voices  for the multiple characters i'm i'm  acting out the script and the other  teenagers and we're all teenagers we're  all the same age people  people all the same age as me are maybe  one year older right  and they're sitting there listening with  interest to my performance when i'm what  i'm done that's what the mother  witnessed and she was like this is the  guy right so look you guys i was an  idiot i i played sega master system i'm  sorry like you know the reality is my  educational advantage of these people  was was minuscule but it was enough to  really matter in terms of what everyone  call it the cultural  the cultural olympics and i met young  women who were aspiring writers i was  one in particular was an aspiring poet i  met young women who were aspiring  painters and artists and actresses i met  young women who had certain fantasies  about the life they wanted to live as a  as a creative artist or or otherwise and  who i was culturally fit into their  fantasy of the life they wanted to live  and some guy who was much better looking  than me but who drank beer and watched  hockey on tv that was not appealing to  them right so again it doesn't matter if  you just think of this as a lottery it's  just luck or you think of it as a  competition i wasn't competing right but  in terms of who i was and how i  experienced life as a  as a teenager and then how that shaped  me and how that influenced me going  forward yeah that was my that was my  experience okay now look i'm sure it's  all on like a much shallower level  when you take this experience and  transplant it to  isan thailand that's northeastern  thailand but we could include downtown  bangkok thailand include chiang mai  thailand uh we live vienshen laos we can  include cambodia like you can transplant  me to this totally different culture  where these women obviously we have very  limited ability to speak the same  language you know whether they speak  some english i speak some lotion  whatever the the situation is you know  but  a lot of those women also what they're  responding to in me is cultural  they can tell there's something  different about me right they can tell  i'm not a tourist the first thing right  i'm not an old retired man just a lot of  the white guys who are there you can  probably tell i'm not rich  right they could tell a lot of things  about me  and they're interested no  these women don't know henry gibson and  they don't know chekhov they don't know  shakespeare like you know just saying  contrast to what was interesting about  high school they probably don't know um  anyway what did i read back then arthur  schopenhauer they probably don't know  max sterner they don't know nihilist  philosophy or anything they don't know  any stuff but my point is yeah there's  something they're  responding to and it may be really  shallow and it may be deep and just as i  said the young women like the woman who  wanted to be a poet uh but the woman who  wanted to be a painter the woman who  wanted to be you know at models and  actresses and so i'm sorry these were  really good-looking women can one of  them went on to be a stripper one of  them went on to be a tv host presenter  person they were really good women but  you know a lot of these women who had  these aspirations  right who i was  culturally fit into their fantasy their  dream of the woman they wanted to be  in the future and guess what guys  ultimately it's all a [ __ ] tragedy  because as bob dylan said it ain't me  babe  i couldn't be that person for them that  wasn't who i was at all that wasn't who  i wanted to be at all so it's all for  [ __ ] nothing and all those women in  thailand and laos and cambodia who were  after me whatever their dream was the  person they wanted somewhat different  but you know in some ways the same i  can't i can't be difficult you want if  you want to come on camera you can't be  right sure  i wasn't really prepared to be on camera  but  okay so  something that i wanted to say that i  was thinking about uh yes i in relation  to um  how i responded  oh for six months  to your sexual confidence basically i  mean yes  the main thing that i want to say here  is that like you developed the ability  to talk about your sexual experiences  and although  i don't know what should be the average  what should be like the norm um i had  not developed that right and so  number one yes like it's it's  interesting  to think about how  i've transformed and throughout this  relationship and how i've grown out of  of how i used to  how i used to feel about sexuality and  you know things have really changed  throughout the years but the the main  thing that i think um  is just the ability to speak confidently  about your experience yes for you to say  like no this is my experience like  that's right that's something that you  need to  think through and talk through with  other people and it's really hard to  find something that you can reach  aggression i think that is what you need  to be a performer on the internet to be  a broadcaster to or to do  autobiographical writing to write a  memoir like i think it's the same as you  know and i'm challenging people in the  audience to think about what you need to  be able to listen to to be able to hear  it yeah i mean i don't need to go on and  on with examples but just when i think  about my  life i didn't have any cousins that i  wanted to talk to about right my sex  things like my experience meeting my  bisexuality or like men who had been  none of my brothers or sisters none of  my cousins  just agreed that we have that in common  we didn't have those kinds of family  members going in yeah right i didn't  have a sister yeah and um you know a lot  of people they might not want to talk to  their sister that's right it's just a  particular relationship but sure i've  known people who come from like a warm  family where the brothers and sisters  all talk about their private lab sex  life but neither you nor i had that go  on yeah yeah yeah and i mean at a  certain point it can be embarrassing too  like of course um maybe you of course  behaved in a certain way that you don't  want the other person to know like you  know you behave that way and um  i guess to be more like  uh explicit about it like  maybe you you also care about your um  reputation you know like yes  what you want to be seen  right to the person that you're sharing  these things so anyway i just say um i  had not developed that at all so number  one like with experience too  um like i had kissed a few  boys before my first boyfriend but uh my  first boyfriend was my first experience  with everything and um you know then i  got into a relationship with isil um and  he had just a lot more sexual experience  than me and  right it was it was tough for me to just  like  be comfortable with that you know  but you know parenthetically the sex is  amazing uh no but look i was just gonna  say though you know um okay so i've got  a lot to say you want you want to okay  come back anytime  um  so look you know i know where melissa's  coming from and i lived through i lived  through all that that with her uh and we  made separate videos sorry about part of  your reaction was jealousy which i don't  just don't want to talk about that  because we talk about the past and i i  think that doesn't make sense in a way  like it made sense that when you met me  you were jealous of me in a number voice  including intellectually but also in  this particular way sexually right like  you were jealous of my sexual confidence  my ability to talk about these things in  a detachment so that's that's kind of a  topic for everybody we kind of already  talked about that but this was going to  say is um  you're skipping a significant step in my  autobiography  if you trace the line from who i was  during high school and university to who  i was and being super sexually confident  and detached  detached detachment is different from  confidence like like like detached and  reflected in an analytical way  who i was in high school to who i was  when you and i fell in love so what age  is that 36  okay say say 30 or whatever something  like that 36 37 right something like  that  okay  because what you're skipping there is  exactly the period of time in which i  overcame  the very real aversion i had to human  sexuality  right which included  10 years as a scholar of buddhism  like considering becoming a buddhist  monk and living in celibacy for the rest  of my life right so like again in some  ways it's deep in some ways it's shallow  it's the deepest and the shallowest  thing at the same damn time really no  but like keep in mind part of my  perception of human sexuality is  my father was a man with tremendous  sexual appetites shall we say  he let it ruin his life  but i don't even think that's debatable  my father's  sex drive  and his lack of self-control his lack of  detachment  like you know his lack of  self-discipline  ruined his life  it ruined a lot of other people's lives  didn't just through in his own life  right so like you grow up with that and  i grew up eating breakfast with this  dude he was not a stranger to me like  you know some of my brothers they really  didn't know my father like they met him  a couple times you know what i mean  father had a lot of kids fathered by a  lot of different women this is related  you know  so like i grew up with this lesson  in  the destructive potential of desire  right  and then my experience with the  the first the girlfriend i lost my  virginity with so not really my first  girlfriend but you know what i mean  the girlfriend it was so negative  that that really reinforced you know  what could just be called sex negative  attitudes that i took primarily from  ancient greek and roman philosophy  i'm just being real with you i've read  ancient roman philosophy a lot of which  is very sex-negative right and you know  yes i had also read buddhist philosophy  i'd read some others i had you know  buddhist philosophy is also part of this  right so like you know look  being real with you  there's a kind of confidence that comes  out of that too  there's a kind of confidence where  you're living your life like okay look i  know what sex is  and i don't need it and i don't care if  i never have it again  like this is who i am this is the moral  code i live by  you know what i mean like  i'm out here imposing my standards on  the world i'm not competing and  struggling to catch up with  the standards of other people in the  world whether that's women or social  norms  so there is like it's not it's not that  made me like a wimpy  shivering person who was scared of sex  but i had a long period of being very  sex negative right now other things to  mention so i i've already alluded to the  fact sure when i lived in thailand  and laos and cambodia and  different parts in china yunnan china  definitely china is a big country but  yunnan china when i was in kunming china  who tons of women trying to have sexy  right okay but you're also  literally walking past  brothels like you're walking past  prostitutes and sometimes you're having  to say no i'm not interested sometimes  you're just walking past like i hope  this woman doesn't  try to you know you know  i just don't want to deal with this and  sometimes you say no not interested  don't talk to me like as you go past  you're seeing the ugliness of that every  day and i'm just saying that can also  reinforce those  sex negative attitudes right so i'm just  pointing out  the the story you told about me although  true it leaves out this really crucial  thing  in the middle and  you know yeah in some ways that's a  story of self-confidence on my part but  in some ways it's a story of self-doubt  self-denial self-hatred you know i'm  saying for for years and years and years  yeah you can say whatever you want you  don't have to respond yeah i mean you  you know i i think you're brilliant so i  i think it's partly just thinking it  through thinking it all the way through  yes yeah yeah yeah  these different aspects of human  sexuality that um maybe other people  don't allow themselves to for whatever  reasons maybe you know religious reasons  or  yeah  their experiences you know you know you  talked about some of your traumatic  experiences with um you know women  attempting to have sex with you yes  right rape you you know like some of  these experiences can impact how people  um view sexuality and they just aren't  willing to really think about it or talk  it through with anybody so yeah i just  you know right i appreciate you saying  that like i do think  your life outside of um relationships  outside of sexuality absolutely like it  influenced how you  your philosophy your mindset  um  your your own take on human sexuality  right yeah  yeah yeah yeah well anyway yeah so you  go on yeah  you know the the point is here  you know  i'll be honest i don't know anyone  who honestly comes on the internet and  talks about their own sex life as a  model for other people to emulate  like no notice the word honestly there  right and what are the who are the  exceptions tk sam  it's exactly the people who are  dishonest it's tko sam it's david bond  it's the pua people i just can't believe  the attitude of guys that come on the  mic and say like oh yeah you should live  you should live like me but i i it's  mind-blowing to me right oh so well yeah  if you can if you want to say we can  jump at any time  um  [Music]  and again i think like for me one of the  reasons why that's mind-blowing for one  thing if if i did that if i said like my  my life the way i've lived sexually as a  model for others to imitate it would be  lying about the tragic elements of my  life like my autobiography in general  and the tragic elements of my my sex  life in particular right  but it would also be lying about the  tragic elements in the lives of the  women who were so drawn to me and  pursued me right  i think that's you know again whether  it's at the high school level or you  know  what exactly 40 year old women or  something you know whatever yeah  well i just was going to say i think the  contrast that i'm thinking of where  people are  trying to  present their experiences sexually as a  model for other people to emulate one  person that i was thinking of who has  appeared on your channel is abigail  shapiro yes so that's the that's the  total offset you know yes she is she's  very much against you know sex outside  of marriage uh she's against  basically anything other than just the  traditional marriage route but um you  know i i wanted to say also that you  know i i appreciate what you said that  you also grew up with this um  uh  example from your father how sexuality  uh destroyed his life you know you had  that um  you had that kind of  yeah both you know um  you know we have two words that sound  very similar it was both warning  and warding  you know what i mean had a warding a  quality to warding off something mad you  know what i mean yeah anyway yeah but it  was this huge demonstration that was in  your face all the time yeah you couldn't  ignore it the real danger of of desire  of what it does to people you know yeah  yeah anyway  i just think that's that's  must be interesting to grow up with with  that example and and how you react to  that  look you know um  i remember something i said that that  emotionally impacted my own father  tremendously  was that i said to him  and my mother was very uncomfortable  with this and she tried to kind of sweep  it under the rug and change the the  topic  i said to him it makes you into a  nihilist  when you see the values that are  preached to you by your own parents in  your own home  constantly contradicted by the world  outside  you know your own four walls outside the  front door you know  and um i remember my mother just kind of  freaked out that was  that was her style back in those days  her characters changed decade by decade  you know my mother changed her scared  but she just kind of freaked out in a  tizzy  i remember my father said no you know  he's just said something really quite  profound and important and he repeated  it back word for word slowly what i just  said he sat there and he said it makes  you into a nihilist  to grow up seeing the values your  parents preached to you contradicted  outside of these four walls outside of  the front door  now you know obviously this can  you know this can be applied to many  different aspects of my brain and yours  as well i mean you know what if your  parents were just traditional  conservative christians or something  then you go out and see what's in the  real world or what have you but yeah in  terms of uh in terms of sexual attitudes  and so on uh  attitudes towards women attitudes  towards marriage attitude towards dating  and so on yes you know i think you could  say that it was a kind of nihilism for  me that that interstitial period in my  life felt like it was going on forever  when i was when i was living through it  and  you know i i just want to say this it's  one thing to be uncomfortable with your  own sexuality  it's a very different thing to be  uncomfortable with sexuality  period  all right  and i grow up i see how sexuality  destroyed my own father and destroyed a  lot of other people's lives  connected to my father right  okay you go to bangkok thailand  you're looking at the way in which  desire  sexual desire has destroyed a whole  society you go to pantaya thailand i  went there because a book publishing  company was there wasn't there at a  vacation i was yeah sorry in terms of  just you know i took melissa there and i  wanted her to see the reality of this  but you cannot imagine the scale and  intensity of prostitution in patio  talent if you haven't seen it for  yourself you know  uh  anyway  so i mean you you're looking at a  society  which is dominated by the sex jurors  ministry by prostitution of not just sex  terrorism prostitution of various kinds  you see a society  i think it is fair to say you see a  society ruined by prostitution and  it's kind of a topic for another video  the the effect of prostitution on on  thailand and society you know  um  you're seeing that in in front of your  face  so  you know okay  being uncomfortable with sexuality  doesn't mean i'm comfortable with my own  sexuality right  means you're looking around and you're  you're saying wow there's something here  i'm i'm really uncomfortable with and  look guys by the way  uh you can criticize me on this this is  part of why i'm condemning tkyo sam  right like what am i out here advocating  for and what am i having yes this also  relates by the way to johnny depp and so  on i'm saying no no no lead a meaningful  life you know so you look if you want to  jump in but yeah so  okay my response to what you were just  saying there is like ultimately the  sexual nihilism right  the model for sexuality is no model  and to be constantly doubting you know  how you what you think about sexuality  the ultimate game is no game  sexual nihilism i must i so as much as i  use the word nihilism i've never used  sexual nihilism yeah okay well  provocative uh  yeah so something that i thought of  earlier when you were talking about uh  tycho sam and some of these other pickup  artists and the notable absence of  the discussion of the other partner  um  yeah so you know i appreciate  what you said where you said you know if  these are your experiences you know you  can come on youtube and talk about them  even if you are somebody who's been you  know a winner in  what you call the sexual olympics you  know people who have been successful in  dating and how that's affected their  lives i think that's interesting to hear  too i i want to hear both sides  uh i would like to hear from both the  people who are failures in you know the  the current  kind of  miasma that we live in in terms of like  you know everything coming together  online um and and in the real world like  how people are dealing with  modern dating and and sexuality like if  you are successful  you can still come online and talk about  it but that's it's it seems to me like a  different model of than this like pickup  artist thing you know because  um  you know it's one thing to talk about  your own experience being successful or  not successful in in the dating world  but it's another thing to also talk  about the other person and and how  you know  be reflecting on um yes yeah  it's just a very complex thing and  maybe  people don't feel like they can talk  about the other person's experience but  um  you know i feel like it's kind of  important  just because yeah the lighting i'm  asking you to go back but look you know  um  napoleon bonaparte slept with a huge  number of women i think most of them are  known and are on the historical record  do you want to put on those two lights  by the way thanks  um  not every single woman napoleon that's  fine that's fine because that's fun just  that one's fine um not every single  woman napoleon bonaparte slept with is  known okay  if look and i think several books have  been written that were just about  napoleon's  love life or just about as um the women  he pursued okay  think about how sick it would be  to write a pua guide a pickup artist  guide based on  napoleon getting laid with these women  and then think about the contrast to  writing a serious biography of each one  of these women and what happened in  their lives before and after they slept  with napoleon right like think about the  trajectory of a woman's whole life and  what the consequences for her were like  maybe just for a few months she was a  concubine  of napoleon you know maybe she  slaughtered them for a brief year maybe  she didn't have a choice about it by the  way and then you know what i mean like  the seriousness of that and sure think  about how different it would be to  really talk about the women's lives the  full trajectory of their lives for all  the women you've slept with all the  women tyco sam has slept with allegedly  you know assuming these aren't lies but  whatever it is and you know what did  they do in the next six months and what  they do in the next 60 years you know  after they after they'd slept with you  it's certainly a  certainly a very different way of  looking at it fundamentally humanizes  the women i was pointing out today i do  think that is normal in biographies of  napoleon like to give us some credit as  a culture in the 21st century i think  today if you read a biography of  napoleon it will deal with who the women  were and what the consequences for those  women were you know long term what what  the outcomes were it will not just treat  those women as commodities that napoleon  traded in or something so guys if you  want to make an intelligent comment uh  now is a good time and i can read and  respond to it um  oh great great question did teachers hit  on you  uh in university yes in university i had  the experience of female professors  female teaching assistants  trying to sleep with me and matt i'm  going to be honest with you  you asking that question now vividly  brings back  some memories of that that  it's not that i'd repress them i just  hadn't thought about them  for many many years yes  uh in university not in high school or  it will just be honestly if it happened  high school i wasn't aware of it it's  like when you're really a kid you don't  always know when people are flirting  with your shoulder hit on you but yes in  in university yes  and it was illegal i mean they were not  supposed to do that you know  um  uh meese asks is tkyo sam watching your  live streams we don't know um but you  know  different comments have come from both  verbally and in writing that certainly  indicate that he's aware of it and that  indicate that he is doomed and  determined to not learn any of the  lessons that were here uh discussing and  describing so okay interesting question  uh  kimaegai  asks  i could pronounce this in more than one  way depending on which language i  presume this is written  um anyway uh asks quote how much leeway  do you afford tico salmonella's given  their traumatic childhoods what does uh  when does a person's trauma no longer  give them an out in your opinion okay so  i'm gonna be i'm gonna be honest to you  again this is one of the prerequisites  for talking about any of this stuff okay  zero  zero  okay  it's totally  irrelevant totally  now a much more dramatic example of a  guy who's also several hundred pounds  overweight is boogie2988  right  so  he has  stated on the record things about very  serious very violent trauma in his in  his childhood and i believe him i have  no reason  not to believe him  maybe someone uh maybe someone knows but  as far as i know that's entirely honest  and well-intentioned he's sharing that  you know that side of his life and his  childhood so today  you look at his relationships with women  does that experience as a child uh  produce leeway as you put it's a good  word does that give none  how you as an adult man treat this woman  as an adult  nothing is excused by your  your uh child experience nothing you  know  so here's a question um from martin or a  comment martin says quote melissa is  assuming everyone uh would be liberal in  canadian or american society and talking  openly about sexuality but culture  matters a lot on how open someone is so  martin you know i've done a lot of  research on this around the world and i  would just say  you would be surprised  so cambodia very closed repressive  culture sexually and very dishonest  sexually you would be surprised do women  talk about their sex lives with their  grandmothers and their aunties yes and  more than our culture you know what i  mean muslim society  repressive in some ways  but very earthy and very blunt about  sexuality in others now sorry saying  muslim culture's a huge part of the  world  um even if you just watch documentaries  i remember i watched a documentary that  was about sexuality in muslim north  africa i believe morocco  morocco primarily maybe morocco and  places adjacent to morocco there and  again  even the guys who were conservative  muslims  you would be surprised i had one friend  and he married an orthodox hindu from a  brahmana hindu family and even though  there are some things that are taboo  [Music]  once those taboos have kind of been  obviated  incredibly blunt earthy open culture and  talking about sexuality so you know um  you would be surprised it's certainly  very easy because of the dominance of  american cinema  to think that america is the only  country that's open and honest about  sexuality it's not  and in many ways america is  less honest about sexuality certainly  america is much less honest about  sexuality than japan  japan and communist china  very blunt  very open very business-like about  sexuality i remember was talking to a  gay friend of mine we now haven't spoken  many years by the time we were friends i  have had gay friends at different times  but anyway he was one we know i haven't  talked for you but at that time we were  friends and i said to him that i felt  that  uh within thailand  sex although sex was thought of as bad  it was only bad in the same way that  americans think about chocolate bars  like be careful  like if you do too much like you know  like well it's good but only in small  doses don't let it get out of control it  was it was bad in the sense of like  eating too many chocolate bars and it  was just in no way connected to this  notion of your immortal soul  you know it was in no way a stain on  your character  it was just it was a fundamental not  that sexuality was good instead of bad  but that the type of bad  was really very very different you know  so that's what i'd say now look i mean  you know maybe there are counter  examples but i have known men face to  face personal  friends or colleagues whatever they  weren't but i have known men who were  close enough to me to really talk about  their sex lives i've known men who lived  in iran  and slept with a huge number of women in  iran this is modern iran i know any one  god  get into the stories other men have told  me um  okay so  if you're thinking in terms of  stereotypes really talk to people who  have those experiences talk people from  those cultures  and  you know you might you might be  surprised that that's what i was saying  now let me just ask do you watch a lot  of iranian  you know and if you did would those  movies be honest in depicting what  sexuality is like within iran no you  know i don't i don't think the there's  enough freedom of speech in iran that  way right iranians watch american movies  so it's really the asymmetry of  broadcast media that creates this  presumption uh that that all the honesty  is in one culture and none of the  honesty is enough so look let's just do  a couple more comparisons because i've  lived in these cultures who do you  think's more honest about sex the  americans or the french  the americans or the dutch the americans  are the germans like if you think  americans are liberal and open with us  and i'll be honest it creeps me out of  being  german girls trying to sleep with me  acree it's cr you know it's creeps me  out i feel like they're often too blunt  and too yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah fed fed  german girls trying to creep on me you  know so yeah i'm just saying it's you  know  but look again i'm not describing any  bad intentions to you i think it's a  totally  legitimate like set of assumptions you  have i think it's wrong i just think  it's it's false it's incorrect the the  the assumptions referring to this  so someone named joe says that he's in  the middle of reading my book great  thanks for thanks for looking up the  book joe i heard a quote from  charlemagne the radio host uh  charlemagne today and uh  can i even quote this though getting  censored on youtube  uh he said you know when people click on  your youtube videos or your podcast that  doesn't mean they really [ __ ] with you  but when you write a book when you  publish what that's when you know that  people really [ __ ] with you  which you know when people take the time  to read your book that means they're  really interested in your ideas for  perspective so i do appreciate that and  obviously even if a smaller number of  people read read my books and watch the  youtube videos i really recognize  there's a deeper level of uh commitment  and just openness to hearing my  philosophy hearing what i would say  politically uh so far so dequan says  declan is now a long time  contributor to the channel welcome back  to the audience deck one deck one says  quote fun fact the domestic sex industry  in thailand is far larger than the one  for tourists and then goes on to say  negative things but  okay so dequan  let's just talk briefly about  capitalism  what matters  in capitalism  is not the largest market  it's the most  profitable  market  and it's specifically the most  price inflexible  market  okay  it's true i've done real research on  this really  it is true quantitatively right the  domestic market meaning thai people  having sex with other thai people is  larger than the international tourist  market  the dollar value of the transactions  how much more profitable do you think it  is  per night or per sex act  for the thai people to prostitute  themselves to american tourists as  opposed to  to their fellow ties and then what do  you think the knock-on effects and  influences that are look guys a lot of  things are like this like within cell  phones or something in some industries  you can say okay well this is the  biggest part of the market but it's not  profitable like it's just running on a  break-even basis whereas this part of  the market this is price and flexible  this is profitable so that's where all  the attention and research and  development goes in cell phones maybe  cell phones are a bad example we're  saying generally in capitalism this  thing have to be sensitive to now  likewise fashion how profitable do you  think this t-shirt was okay when they  make this is probably the largest part  of the market in fashion plain white  t-shirt they have to compete with every  other manufacturer of plain white  t-shirts  all of the attention in the fashion  industry is at the most profitable end  of the market and that's where the  innovation and design and what the  magazines are in which is stuff i never  buy i'm not going to buy diner goods i  have no interest right so  what's influential what matters what  matters today in paris and milan it's  not this t-shirt even though you can  just look at the clue and say oh well  look guys all the money isn't making  plain white t-shirts and this kind of  thing practical sportswear you know  there's a lot of money in making  military uh  clothing outfits uniforms right okay if  you're a military contractor making  military outfits or  all right you're competing  at the low end where it's just  just slightly better than break even  right how profitable is it to make plain  white t-shirts for the army okay now do  you start to understand why there's so  much tension being paid to high-heeled  shoes  to designer purses all right designer  purses i i've read a study uh in the  economist and it was saying that  specifically the purses were really the  most profit was purses and perfume were  the most profitable element of the  fashion issues like purses perfume some  of the other accessories watches were  really profitable and a lot of the other  clothes were happening on like a  break-even basis to support those for on  a brand they were doing analysis of  specific designer brands so now when you  open cosmopolitan magazine and you look  at the advertisements notice what  they're advertising like you know it's  specifically the purses the perfumes  it's those things that have the the  budget behind them okay so yes it is  true  the domestic  uh industry  burmese people sleeping with burmese  people thai people smooth it's true but  that is  not remotely as profitable as the  international uh side of the industry  right  and that has tremendous knock-on effects  for the the culture for politics for for  everything else  yeah so ken comments tko sam is the  ultimate sexual alpha top apex predator  male pickup artist in the history of  humanity thanks for contribution  [Laughter]  so yeah and now dec one comes back from  point so again i can make a separate  short video saying this i have a lot to  talk about today in this in this  broadcast but i will just say again now  sam  if you're seeing this all right i don't  want to hear you boasting about how  you've had sex with hundreds  of japanese women in general or just  hundreds of women in total with huge  numbers women these vague terms all  right i want you to face up to the  specific number of women you've had sex  with in calendar year 2022 in calendar  year 2021 or as deck one suggests in the  last five years in total all right sorry  this comes back to one of the the main  issues here is talking about honesty and  dishonesty right now i'm here bearing my  heart i'm here being vulnerable right  i'm talking about the reality of my  sexuality i'm not boasting all right but  sam so i'm i'm less than ten years older  than sam could be wrong i think chico  sam is now 36 i'm 43. okay sam  if this is what your self-confidence is  based on  all right  still today  at age 43  if i go to tokyo and i have a  competition with you  who can have sex with more  women in the next one year in the next  six months in the next six weeks  all right and i'm i'm older than you i'm  43 right like i'm old and busted i get  that but if it's just insane to me that  this is what you've built your public  reputation your pride on you're  broadcasting your sam i offered you a  cage match i offered you a boxing match  you didn't seem interested well if you  want to have a pua match if you want to  have a match see who's a better letharia  you know this bro  and now that's assuming we do this today  with me at age 43 all right you know and  me speaking practically zero japanese by  the way i did study japanese in  university long story but i mean my  level of speaking ability japanese will  be close to zero  um  you know  you know this all right and then if we  were actually competing at the same age  21 year old isil mazar versus 20 21 year  old tequila sam or even 31 year old as a  lizard versus three months 31 year old  tko sam right so yeah there's there's a  real strange kind of insanity and evil  there and again if you guys haven't seen  the earlier videos i'm going to tell you  why i just said that okay why am i  saying this sam because your delusions  hurt other people  they do it's ruining your life you're  hurting yourself you are ruining your  own life you're putting yourself into an  early grave that's one thing but you  know what you're also coming out here  and you're lying about it you're  fictionalizing it you're commodifying it  you're catering to the the delusions and  fantasies of the audience in a way that  really does hurt other people so guys we  got someone counting how many times i  mentioned cambodia and laos in the  audience by all means  i encourage this behavior  but i'm not mentioning it for no reason  what if i had spent the last  eight years coming on youtube and  telling you how wonderful it is to do  humanitarian work in cambodia and that  everyone should do it i just only told  you the positive aspects of doing  humanitarian i told you none of the  negative aspects none of my  disappointment none of my hard work just  oh yeah guys you should all just buy a  shovel in a sandbag and get out to  cambodia and start start helping  starving poor people  it would actually impact people's lives  no maybe 10 people maybe 100 people but  i'd be getting emails from people saying  look man i heard your advice and i went  to cambodia and i tried to do this and  and this is my  it's if i were actively  you know packaging and promoting this  fantasy of what a wonderful experience  you can have doing humanitarian work in  cambodia some people would latch on to  that right they would try to live the  lie i'm presenting and it would really  negatively impact their lives now guess  what sam the lies you're peddling  right for transparent reasons they were  a lot more popular than peddling the lie  of you know  getting out and helping the poor by  rolling up your sleeves and with a  shovel and a sandbag actually trying to  help people who need help  so diva should ask totally reasonable  question but not top of this video has  the second book uh no more manifestos  been published yet no it hasn't so if  you join patreon you can read several  chapters um i don't think any of them  are the final form of those chapters  actually you get to read earlier drafts  of the chapter so that's why some people  talk about it as if it's already been  published because they've read several  chapters of the book that have been  shared inside patreon but no i haven't  uh  soon  within just a couple of weeks it should  be obvious there will be youtube videos  uh one of the easiest ways to follow me  on instagram i'll definitely be making  instagram posts announcing it when that  is now shared with uh  what's published via via amazon  so again these are interesting topics  not the topic of this video but there  are topics i've i've known about and  cared about for for years so again uh  kimaegae says  again more than one pronunciation is  possible that was a bit latin my take on  that time anyway uh  uh so kim can i call you kim says that  he or she asks because as an extreme  example if you had 20 people who endured  this kind of trauma as children and 20  people who did not he or she claims you  could draw a straight line to bad  behavior  no you can't and i've done the research  and i've seen it and that's a lie  all right so on the contrary when you do  the real social science research you can  on the contrary you can see two  different women  who were  captured by exactly the same pimp and  put into exactly the same brothel  who were trafficked against their will  and they had totally different responses  to it you can find one woman who was  totally traumatized and psychologically  shattered by the experience it goes  completely insane you can find another  woman who's a completely calm collected  businesswoman who got on with her life  afterwards and we're like literally it  was the same pimp the same brothel and  like where they both testified in court  even like you know like you know like  it's established as a factual basis and  you can scale that up and talk about 10  women and a 100 women no it's just not  the case at all that two different  people respond to the same thing now i  come from a large family my father had  many many children  each of the children responded to my  father in a totally different way right  now again most people today come from  small families so they don't see that  but it really is instructive to  understand that no there isn't a  straight line there isn't a cause and  effect relation it's up to you it's on  you how you respond to this this kind of  trauma and you know  sorry i can go on and on about that  um and what i'm saying now i mean it  doesn't justify anything aside from  doing the research but no if you want to  understand how people are traumatized  how they respond to that trauma  it is irreducibly individual there's no  straight line there is no cause and  effect  and you know when you're looking at kind  of moderate forms of trauma  um  sometimes what one person perceives as a  life ending like life-altering trauma  enough for another person is is no big  deal at all  um  you see that a good example is  experiences in the military there are  people who are really traumatized by  what happened to them in the military  and you can talk to other guys who went  through exactly the same experience  again but they were brutalized by the  same people in the military the same  commander or whatever in the same army  unit and like with the same uh traumatic  experiences were carried out they  respond to in a totally different way  um  you know  so no and this extends to uh extreme  forms of violence i once read a study  that just dealt with shootings  and how people cope with the experience  of shootings so again it's not exactly  the same experience but very similar and  they went through the creature of  exactly what happened in the shooting  you know who got shot and  you know like did both people take a  bullet or did only one person going  through all the different categories and  they did all these interviews and  different people reacted to in a totally  different way and there were people who  were in no way traumatized at all there  were people who had a completely  down-to-earth attitude like yup well  this is why they owned a gun and this is  why they you know were prepared for this  situation and there were other people  who were a complete basket case for  years and said i never thought this  would happen to me and now they can't  walk to the grocery store because  they're so terrified like they have all  the signs of trauma from you know  basically the same experience uh no so i  look i'm sorry i digressed on this i  hope you don't feel it's a useless  digression for some of you that's a  really meaningful digression something  to really think about for the rest of  your life and  again sorry melissa coined this term  here you know sexual nihilism  you know this is a good example of how  nihilism should inform everything in  your life don't proceed with these kinds  of beliefs and to believe in um  [Music]  kind of geometric relationship between  cause and effect there with human  psychology that's you know it's a belief  it's not a religious belief by nature i  think it's really worthwhile to take the  time to challenge that examine it and  and through research of some kind  um you know overturn that assumption  so guys i have made other videos talking  about transgender issues at length i'm  just going to use what i call youtubers  privilege and say please just search for  the word transgender on my channel on  trans and look at those videos just in  this video i'm not going to choose to  talk about it at greater length  someone has given me the compliment that  i look like andre agassi in this and  this t-shirt  yeah  here's a question from martin you were  an authority on pally and taravata  buddhism why don't you publish a pali  grammar book on amazon i have actually  made several books about pali grammar  available for free because i'm not you  know in that sense published but if you  google around my name plus pali you're  going to be quite a few different  projects available to download for free  and a couple of them were used in burma  i mean i don't know if they are anymore  but for many years buddhist monks in  burma were using the books i uh produced  where i wrote the introduction and i'd  typed the whole thing out and so on i  didn't to say i wrote the book as an  exaggeration but i was the editor and i  had the introduction of some things but  i i did a huge amount of work on that  already none of it is uh none of it do  you have to pay for all that's available  for free in one one place or another on  the internet uh oh more questions about  pally  i might as well take a moment to answer  this question probably if you don't know  is the ancient language of buddhism it's  the most ancient of language and what is  philosophy but a scripture um quote off  topic do you feel that the roman latin  transliteration of it gives an accurate  pronunciation of the language do you  feel that there is a best script that  gives the most accurate pronunciation  such as  devin agary and he says he finds burmese  script to be very close so john um  [Music]  you know the answer is you need to be  able to read them all and you need to be  able to cope with them all totally  different phonetic assumptions are  foisted onto the pali language in each  of these cultural contexts and all of  them are wrong all of them are false so  the way people in thailand pronounce  pali is wrong and it's horrible  the way people pronounce paoli in  cambodia is wrong and it's horrible um  in my experience the way new buddhists  in india pronounce pali  is also wrong and horrible um even  though marathi is a modern language is  quite quite quite close to this uh and  so on so  thanks thanks for the question but the  reality is you're dealing with a  fragmentary  um  you know cultural tradition  and  you need to be able to cope with all of  it i mean that  that's i think part of the wonder and  the joy of it as you get to deal with  all the the contradictions between a  burmese perspective and a cambodian  perspective and indeed india now there's  a new perspective on buddhism uh coming  out of india it's not an ancient it's  not ancient idiots modern india and so  on sri lanka so on and so forth  but  uh it would be just as ridiculous  to look at the british pronunciation of  latin and say that it's better than the  russian pronunciation of latin you know  none of them none of them are better the  difference being that you know italy  still exists  whereas as al basham would say in in the  the wonder that was india you know  what india was no longer exists it's  been destroyed buddhist india uh ceased  to exist so the heart was cut out of the  center of buddhism and all we've got are  the surviving remnants out of the  extremities hey there's a little  digression for you guys  um  you want to jump in on that baby though  okay  um i guess let's just say one more word  i appreciate the encouragement  but if you want to know  you know why would i not write a book  about buddhism today  um  i don't know a single person within  buddhism i respect you know i don't have  a single friend i don't have a single  colleague and i don't have a single  rival  you know there's nobody in buddhism i  respect  and um i quit buddhism not because the  religion was bad not because the  philosophy was bad i quit because the  people were bad  so this is an interesting contrast to  veganism right and the way i've coped  with  my disappointment with the vegan  movement and with vegans in particular  most people do not look at religion that  way most people will not look at a  religion and say this religion is  discredited by the particular people in  it  but we do look at political movements  that way like you know you can make your  judgment within the united states you  you can look at the republican party in  the state of new jersey  only so many people you know you might  think that symbols millions of people  but okay a few hundred people are really  the people making decisions that matter  in republican politics in the state of  new jersey and you may make your  decision to participate in that  political party or to avoid it and have  nothing to do with it based on those few  hundred people um the green party in the  netherlands let's say you know that's  going to be a judgment it's not really  about abstract principles ideas or  philosophies right maybe it's a few  hundred people it's probably a few dozen  people who really matter within the  green party in the netherlands and  you're going to make a judgment based on  those particular people  and i encourage you to think that way  about everything certainly including  universities  the goodness or badness of university  may come down to the goodness or badness  of just one man  uh small numbers of people you know are  responsible for the good or evil  of these institutions which have  tremendous knock-on consequences for  for people's lives  so guys i'm going to switch now to  talking a bit about uh  amber heard  and johnny depp we should have gone  through this and kept time stamps okay  oliver when you watch this  note down the times when i switch topics  or someone in the audience and i'm gonna  add in a table of contents so people who  just want to hear what i have to say  about johnny depp and  i guess every time i mentioned tko sam  we could have a time stamp for but we  should have a table of contents for this  video for people who just want to just  want to uh hear it  so decon asks quote why does sam use his  ability to speak japanese to feel  superior to others in japan who are not  as skilled at the language  um  look  sam  clings to his accomplishments  as a drowning man  to driftwood  sooner or later  sam is going to die  what are people going to say about him  after he's dead  that he was a good man that he was a  kind man  that he accomplished something great  or even that he had great aspirations  that he never accomplished but that  showed the goodness  of his intentions  in this life in this world  you know  no  the piece of driftwood he is clinging to  is that he managed to learn to speak  japanese  and when he dies  if there is a notice written in the  newspapers or if there are a few words  scratched into the stone  you know placed over his 400 pound  corpse  they will say  he was a man who learned japanese now i  ask you  in the audience  what are your accomplishments  what are your ambitions  could it be that in some way you also  are a drowning man who to his or her  driftwood must cling  if you died tomorrow  what would people say about  you  and guys i've i've lived through this  kind of tragedy you just had a brief  comment showing the extent to which i  still really am an expert in in buddhism  but  in some ways i've squandered my  expertise in buddhism  there was a time when i lived my life  absolutely with the certainty that when  i died whether i died that year or 10  years from now or 100 years from now  like whether i died as that old old man  that when i died what would be said of  me was he was one of the most passionate  scholars of buddhism in his generation  these were the ancient manuscripts he  read these are the ancient stone  inscriptions that he interpreted this is  the philosophy he wrote about this is a  man who devoted himself to the i don't  know uncovering the truth about buddhism  whether politically or through social  science research or through historical  research or philology or whatever it may  be maybe also that it would be said to  me that i was a man who was a fire brand  and challenged the universities that i  was an anti-establishment um an indeed  nihilistic scholar of buddhism or  something or maybe would say that i was  a philosopher but who distinguished  himself as a scholar of buddhism and  then published his own philosophy on  that basis that was completely my  assumption about myself right and i had  to let go  and just let myself drown  it was heartbreaking  it was transformative in the worst way  and some of you people know exactly what  i'm talking about because you've been  through it too and some of you have no  idea and you can't imagine  you know  on a really shallow level i mean i  wonder what it's like to be a woman  who from the day she turned 18 was a  stripper  you know and her whole sense of herself  is of being desired by men and having  men throw money at her  right and then one day that changes you  know  you're not a stripper anymore and maybe  you're not beautiful anymore maybe you  gain a lot of weight or something  happens you know for some reason  you lose that identity you lose that  social status  and maybe you didn't realize before  maybe you spent all your time before  complaining that you didn't want to be a  stripper you just ended up in this job  because you needed money or something  maybe you only saw the negative side of  that life while you were in it and you  know you you said you wanted to be free  from it and get a better job and get on  with life  and maybe once you do you realize that  something's been lost and i know this is  a you know most people don't think of it  as an ambition or a boast  you were assuming that if you died what  would be written on your headstone  you know  you were the best pole dancer down at  that club or something that was  not not not how other people perceived  you that was how you perceive yourself  that was who you  were my point being there could be any  kind of commitment you make right so  look why do i say a stripper  the vast majority of women who become  strippers  they have to deal with insults from  their own parents from their own  grandparents from their aunts their  uncles their brothers and sisters they  have to deal with other people in their  family maybe everyone maybe just a few  people and family telling them what  you're doing is dirty and bad and evil  and wrong and you're squandering your  potential you could have been a dentist  you could have been a doctor or whatever  they deal with these kinds of challenges  and insults  maybe a few strippers don't deal with  this most strippers do and they  cultivate  right  even if it's just to defend themselves  they cultivate a sense of dignity and  purpose in their life when you stand up  to your own father you stand with your  mother aunt uncle grandfather and you  say no this is a life i'm proud of i'm  not ashamed of myself i want you to  respect me and i want you to know i  respect myself and if you don't respect  me damn you to hell because this is this  is my life and this would accomplish  this what i'm doing and either with me  or against me i think strippers in that  sense there were great example of that  my parents  hated buddhism  my parents were communist extremists who  100 supported mao zedong massacring  buddhists completely explicit okay my  parents despised buddhism and there were  many ways in which my parents despised  me there's more than one level of that  my father was a failed sanskrit  scholar failed sanskrit dude he tried to  learn sanskrit he dropped out of  sanskrit it was a huge source of a sense  of inferiority he had in his own life  and here was his son who seemed to be  brilliant and gifted in exactly the way  he you know he lacks talent the way in  which he failed so he wanted to become a  scholar of hinduism and he couldn't do  it and he had a lifelong bitterness  about that and it influenced him in  various ways and it interests his he had  a sense of jealousy and resentment  against me also a communist also a  maniac you know there are other things  too it's it's interesting  you know  sure i had to find ways to stand up and  say to my parents look this is who i am  this is what i'm about and there's a  kind of dignity in it there's a real  importance in this  and i'll always remember so like  this didn't hurt me emotionally in any  way it was just hilarious to me  you know i remember opening up my books  in front of my grandmother  at that time one of my grandmothers was  already deceased but one grandmother was  still alive so i sat down with my  grandmother i opened my books  and here it's my own handwriting but  also sort of uh photocopies of of the  these exotic languages so pali as it's  written in myanmar pali as it's written  in cambodia you know it looks like six  different languages but they're  different forms now and i'm explaining  to you know this is what i've been doing  with my time that's what i'm planning to  do with the rest of my life or at least  the next 10 years of my life so uh and  my grandmother looking at this and  saying  well  why would you do this  instead of say  learning french  it was just  it was just  mind-blowing to me and i mean i laughed  i laughed out loud it's like  how can you possibly think that a life  combining  humanitarian work and research and going  to cambodia and seeing the craters left  behind by the americans dropping bombs  all the things i aspire to do and things  actually did going to cambodia and laos  and dealing with the failure of  communism and buddhism the transition  from  third world poverty to the world  whatever the 21st century will bring  how can you compare this  how in your mind is what i'm trying to  do here the same  as learning  french so you know i'm just mentioning  this was not some kind of bitter  conflict to me but i think it's a great  representation whether you're a stripper  or a scholar or you have to stand up to  your parents and say look what i'm doing  is really meaningful to me it's it  matters to me doesn't maybe if you it  doesn't matter to you maybe you can't  understand it you know and one of the  bitterest one of my brothers just one  and i'm just being i'll never forgive  this  i remember he said that i would be  better off learning hebrew and it was  really kind of racist in a weird way he  basically said to me that i was born  jewish and i'd always be a jew so this  whole attempt to be involved in buddhism  was of no value and i'll be honest i  beat the [ __ ] out of this guy today for  what he said to me about that that  really that was really ugly  um and he's not jewish and i am you know  he's not in any way you know he's zero  percent jewish i'm by blood i'm 50  jewish on my mother's side that's one of  the brothers you know it's my father's  son but he's not you she doesn't live  with  anti-semitism or any of the stuff i have  to deal with and i'll i still this day  i'm never gonna speak to him again but  if i did if for some reason i was  trapped in the same hospital award with  that guy or something i still to this  day i'd let him have it with that and he  might not even remember it  but i'd say look i want you to know  [Laughter]  um so that's actually a much more you  know it's like no look this is what i've  chosen so you have all those years  building that up and look  when you're the one clinging to it when  it's your ego when it's your ambition  when it's your sense of purpose and  meaning in your life you don't see  yourself as a drowning man clinging to  driftwood right and you are  okay  and when you're really strong  when you're not drowning that's when you  can swim without clinging to anything at  all  it's when you can let all these things  go away when you can say what matters  isn't learning japanese what matters  isn't learning chinese what matters  isn't studying pali what matters isn't  studying buddhist philosophy what  matters isn't studying the politics of  cambodia laos and thailand right  i'm at a phase in my life that's about  my philosophy  right that's about my politics that's  about my language which is just about me  as an author  it's just about me as a creative force i  don't work for anybody else i'm not  beholden to any religion any belief  system right i'm not clinging to  anything  for driftwood  and  when i die right no man can possibly  describe who i was and what i was by the  things that i clung to  nor by the things that i've cast aside  and thrown away  johnny down  [Laughter]  [Applause]  obviously we could hit stop and hit  start and we could start a whole new  youtube video at this point uh i hope  someone is going to help me make a table  of contents for this video  maybe even melissa i can just listen to  the video back and and figure out the  time stamps when we changed topic here  all right  um  i am not cheering for amber heard  but i really see this  conflict in a fundamentally different  way from anyone in the media mainstream  or otherwise and so i'm inspired to  record a youtube video about it today  and in some part it overlaps with you  know my my critique of  of tkyo sam all right  public  has turned  their hearts against amber heard  because she had sex with someone other  than her husband  okay  so it is currently being treated as an  established fact  that during her marriage to johnny depp  she slept with remember his name  james franco okay now if i'm wrong i'm  wrong but it is currently being  perceived as an established fact that  she had a love affair with another man  named james franco now  i am not saying  that johnny depp should be invulnerable  and immune to human suffering i'm not  saying that he has no right to feel  upset  disappointed aggrieved or bereaved  that his wife  carried on a love affair with another  man while they were married i'm not  saying that  but if you were to calibrate  the nature of this disappointment  on a scale from 0  to 10  for johnny depp  i am saying  that this is a one  out of ten  it's not nothing  but it is just  slightly  more  than nothing  and if you calibrate  the type of disappointment  that amber heard must feel  in discovering  that the man she married  is a hopeless  drug addict  that he is  simultaneously and deeply addicted to  opiates  stimulants  and alcohol  and that he is constantly lying to her  and deceiving her because of her  substance abuse well okay  that disappointment is not a one out of  ten  it's not a five out of ten  it is a 10  out of 10.  there is no betrayal  and there is no disappointment  comparable  to what johnny depp did  to amber heard now  am i claiming  that amber heard handled this  in a philosophical manner in a profound  manner in an appropriate manner in an  effective manner in the most mature and  intelligent manner possible  no  not at all  i think amber heard was very immature  for her age  and i think  it's reasonable to say  that she went into this marriage with  the assumption that johnny depp would be  a strong  positive  guiding presence in her life  and what she discovered after she  married him was instead that she  had to be a strong positive guiding  presence  for him  what she discovered was that she was  expected to be his nurse mate  as he drank himself to death  as he snorted himself to death as he  smoked himself death as he ingested  mind-altering drugs you know  the unraveling  of his  middle-aged life  i ask you to sympathize  seriously  you know  with the position  amber heard  found herself in  when she discovered this we have a great  question from the audience you don't  quote you don't think amber heard was  aware that depp was a drug addict prior  to america so this comes back to some  issues more than an hour ago  uh in the video okay  maybe what i'm about to say is also true  about heterosexual men maybe okay you  will deal with separately is this  equally true of men and women  you know what heterosexual women are  really good at  lying to themselves about how the man  they're in love with are going to solve  all their problems  it's a gift  okay and women have done this to me my  whole life  including even when i was in high school  right  women can look at a man whatever they  just feel attracted him they find him  whatever they find him masculine they  find them sexy they think whatever  it's so easy  for a woman  to believe because she wants to believe  that this man is going to be  the person she needs him to be  right  so for example if she needs a strong  disapproving father figure in her life  women will convince herself that's who  this guy is  even though he may be a  feckless lackadaisical playboy he may be  the most immature person imaginable  right  just give you an example so i grew up  with a lot of knowledge of art and  museums  do you have any idea how many women  see me meet me they get to know me a  little bit and they construct the  fantasy  this is a man who will go to art gallery  openings to me this guy knows art he  knows culture he's been to these museums  all over the world this is a man who can  put on a tuxedo and stand there holding  a glass of wine and like you know this  is a man who's going to raise my social  status and it's going to be part of the  art world i mean we're going to be a  power couple in the oval  and they're wrong on every account right  like it's true like women who've had a  couple conversations with me about art  history museums and stuff they're women  who really latch onto that and that's  what they're thinking that's who they  want me to be and my role if i'm being  honest  is to say  it ain't me babe  okay so it's just been discussed i was a  scholar of buddhism  you don't think there are some women  with the mentality of hitomi mochizuki  who looked at me when i was a scholar of  buddhism and thought  if i seduce this guy if i sleep with  this guy  every morning it's going to be like  waking up with a monologue from eckhart  tolle  like we're going to be spiritual seekers  together we're going to meditate  together we're going to  talk to our deceased ancestors and have  reincarnation together and magic  crystals  right  it ain't me babe yeah i was a scholar of  buddhism i didn't believe in anything  supernatural i cared about slavery and  social issues and politics and you know  like i was a scholar but  there are women who want to see that  right that's that's the man  they want me to be that's the fantasy  also of the type of person they can be  themselves the type of woman they  they want to become so and so forth  right it's very powerful so you ask a  question totally reasonable totally  recently you're asking don't you think  amber heard  knew  that he was at least a heavy drinker if  not a  profligate drug user oh yeah  oh yeah  i totally think she knew  and i think she lied to herself  i don't know to what extent johnny depp  encouraged her  you know in these beliefs it's very easy  as a man  like if you're joining up so this woman  has watched johnny depp's movies since  she was a child  right there's an image he portrays on  the screen right you know  i'm just saying he wouldn't have to say  much  to make her think that she's going to  have a wonderful life  once she marries johnny depp and instead  she discovers that she's the nurse maid  to an alcoholic now look got to come  back to this i said before i'm not  saying that the negative emotional  impact on johnny depp  is zero when amber heard goes and has  sex i'm not saying that  i'm saying  it's a one out of ten  and fellas  if you live like tequila sam you better  be [ __ ] ready for your woman to pull  an amber hurt on you and sleep with  another dude once in a while  okay  if you are a farm boy  if no one does this if you grew up on a  farm  and the woman you get married to is the  first woman you've ever had sex with  or there was just one other girl and you  were engaged to be married and didn't  work out you can say to the woman in  your life  here's the deal you're a farm boy you're  ignorant  you ain't been with no other girls  you're only with one other girl and if  she's the woman who marries you it's all  or nothing  if that's how you want to play the game  all right and then those rules are  symmetrical you're asking the woman to  sign up to play by the same rules you  are going to play by  okay  i don't encourage anyone to live that  way  some people want to live that way i  remember i once read a long  autobiographical statement from a woman  on the internet  and she said that she chose her husband  because he never wanted to have sex with  her she'd been around a lot of guys who  were very aggressive and she found it  really kind of relaxing and calming to  talk with this guy who seemed to have no  interest in her sexually well guess what  they got married that in some ways that  a good relationship got along like  friends  he never wanted to have sex  now you know whether he was asexual or  oppressed homosexual like i don't know i  don't know the god of another couple or  he just wasn't attracted whatever the  facts were she had a sexless marriage  and she had to reflect and kind of blame  herself she was like well this was  someone who was never  never wanted to have sex there she  thought it'd be a great marriage  right  so my point is as long as it's  symmetrical when all parties are going  into it fairness okay let's get real  how many women has johnny depp had sex  with in his life  even if he never slept with any woman  other than amber heard  once he was married to amber for her  okay  you are  carrying that with you  into this relationship let's just  conservatively suggest it's 500 women  let's just suggest  total speculation  500 women one of whom is winona ryder  there's any number of famous  high-profile people he's had sex with  winona ryder is his own  i have no basis for the estimate none  okay the real number could be 100 it  could be 50. for the purposes of this  video as a thought exercise  hypothetically purely hypothetical  let's say  johnny depp  has slept with  500  women  if that is your situation whether you  are johnny depp  or you are tko sam  you have to be cool  with your woman sleeping with other guys  oh gee you don't believe me  what if we were talking about a woman  who'd slept with 500 men  what if we're talking about a woman who  was an accomplished and successful  film actress  lindsay  lohan  we could obviously we could say a porn  star we could say a singer  let's say we're talking about someone  like that and she's slept with 500 men  and let's say hypothetically she marries  a guy  who's never had sex with anyone else in  his life  like for him this marriage you see him  losing his  virginity  okay  you've got people with radically  different levels of  sexual experience okay i'm not saying  it's going to be easy for lindsay lohan  if this guy goes and sleeps with other  people i'm not saying there will be no  suffering there will be no inconvenience  there will be no sorrow heartbreak  acrimony right  okay but i'm saying you better be  prepared to regard that as a one out of  ten  right you're going to be disappointed  with the other person right what frankly  it doesn't even matter if it's no  relationship doesn't matter you can have  an open relationship and you can still  feel sorrow that this person had sex  with him  people are hypocrites life is unfair  what do you want  you know  it's  the reality you can still feel bad about  it if it's an open relationship and the  person is not expected to be to be  monogamous you know  okay  tko sam  can never  demand that the woman in his life  be monogamous he has no basis  to demand that look at how he's lived  this his life  up to this point  all right  and again so if you're a woman if you're  a woman you're literally a porn star or  something or when you've had 500  partners what can you expect  of your husband honesty sure  accountability sure sensitivity sure  maturity  care love respect  absolutely  absolutely monogamy no  absolutely not you can't i don't think  it's reasonable  for johnny depp to expect  any woman to be monogamous and i think  he should have had the detachment to  realize he married a much younger woman  a much less experienced woman and in  this case a very  immature woman  and rather than johnny depp  exerting a positive guiding influence on  her life  right  rather than johnny depp being the sober  self-disciplined one  teaching her how to be sober and  self-disciplined he went into this  marriage as a total mess  expecting her to be his nurse maid her  to be his salvation he was expecting her  to be the more mature party in this  relationship  right and it's just not going to work  right  johnny depp  went into this relationship  saying  i'm broken  fix me  the reality is obviously  amber heard went into this relationship  not saying it  but implicitly  the reality of her situation was  she was broken  and she wanted  she wanted her husband she wanted this  relationship she wanted this marriage to  fix her she wanted to solve all her  problems okay i've got to tell you  something  maybe some men look at the women they're  left that way maybe  it's very very common for heterosexual  women to look at men that way this is  the man that's going to solve  all my problems right in this case  obviously financially he solves all your  problems  he's a multi-month there's a there's a  sense in which it does solve the problem  in terms of her career  right of course it did it solved  suddenly she's an a-list celebrity  suddenly she's one of the most  influential powerful people in hollywood  and it's explicit it's on the record she  used her connection to johnny depp and  having the same agent to advance there  are some obvious ways in which it solved  all problems and that was what she was  expecting and that she got out of it  what she was hoping to get out of that  uh out of that relationship  right um  you know this opens up  an interesting question and many of you  will assume there's no answer to it  how do you  love someone  how do you respect someone  who's cheated on you  how do you love someone  how do you respect someone who has  disappointed you  right  now  when you're talking about sex  you can  of course you can  and for a guy as experienced as johnny  depp he's been there  he's be i don't know if he's been there  500 times or what  you know but johnny depp should be able  to look back at his own life and he  should be able to say to his wife or his  girlfriend said look i know what you're  going through here with this kind of  temptation  like the same way johnny depp he could  look back and and reflect on when he was  swept off his feet by um  winona ryder or something you know you  could say look i know what it's like to  have this fame and power and you're  meeting these beautiful people and to be  swept up in it and so on you know but  here's the conclusion here's how you've  got to live you're saying  you know  um  how do you love someone how do you  respect someone  when they're a drug addict  when they were crackhead  when they'll lie to you when they'll say  anything to you just to get their next  fix just to get their next head  when they'll lie to you and say anything  to you just because they're out getting  drunk  with their friends  when they lied to you about where they  were that night  and then they expect you to physically  lift you up and carry you and put you  down in bed  when they expect you to clean the vomit  off of them and to change their sheets  for them  you know  you know you think you think amber heard  sleeping with this other guy is bad  i think so  in your own life think about the closest  relationship you've ever had some of you  are married like right now some of you  have been married in the past you've had  some close boyfriend or girlfriend  think about the closest person you've  ever had in your life  think about the seriousness  of what it would mean if they had slept  with james franco if they had slept with  someone like that they'd slept with  lindsay lohan  if they had slept with james frankel or  lindsay lohan let's raise the stakes a  little bit here  what if your boyfriend your girlfriend  your husband what if they were  photographed  and the photographs were in the press of  them arriving at the hotel  with james franco and then leaving the  hotel afterwards  for them arriving with lindsay lohan  i'll leave him okay  it would hurt you  it would be  inconvenient for you suddenly everyone  knows  your wife  is the girl who slept with james franco  or your husband is the man who slept  with lazada that might be the only thing  anyone knows about him he's not famous  for anything else it's just another  person that  that celebrity son  okay you know what  that's that's inconvenient  you know that might have some  consequences for you emotionally might  be something you have to really think  through intellectually you know i might  you know  imagine  by contrast  if your husband or wife  disappeared for just one month  because they were using cocaine  or heroin  every day  for 30 days  you think you could never trust someone  you think you could never respect  someone because they slept with  james franco really  how do you trust someone  how do you respect someone ever again  when you know  they do not have self-discipline to  achieve and sustain  sobriety  what amber heard  did  to  johnny depp  on a scale of one to ten is only a one  out of a ten  and i am seeing it is something johnny  depp had experience with sleeping with  enormous numbers of women  and significant numbers of celebrities  during his life again and again and  again and he should have been able to he  should have been prepared to deal with  it and to be magnanimous about it  and to have real maturity and attachment  okay  conversely what johnny depp did to amber  heard in terms of its seriousness  its severity  is a 10  out of 10.  if anyone should be in prison  for what happened during this  relationship  it is  johnny  depp